Welcome, in this video we're going to download and install P4Merge for the Mac operating system.
Fire up your favorite browser, I'm using Google Chrome, then go to perforce.com.
While Perforce is actually a company that sells a competing product to Git, they also provide complementary tools to git,
including a free download that is an excellent diff and merge tool. From the homepage go to downloads, then downloads.
Under latest releases, click on clients, then find the iTerm "P4MERGE: VISUAL MERGE TOOL".
Make sure Macintosh is selected, under "Select OS", select the latest version that most applies to your operating system.
In this case, I'm using Mac OS 10.10, so the closest match is 10.8+, 64 bit.
Then click on download. On the registration page, click on the "Skip Registration" button.
Now, the P4Merge client will Download. Once the client has finished downloading,
go to the downloads stack, and click on the "P4V.dmg" image.
Once the Perforce install image has loaded, select the item P4Merge, then drag it into the applications folder.
Great, once that's completed, let's verify by going to our applications stack. then locate the P4Merge icon.
Click on it to launch P4Merge. Once prompted by the Mac operating system to confirm whether or not
we really want to open this application, click on "Open". Great. When this screen appears,
we know that P4Merge has been installed correctly. To quit, press command+q.
Now that we've installed P4Mege, we close the install volume, and also eject it from our desktop.